[cackles]
My darkness will swallow the
world, just you wait and see!
You think I'll lose to you?
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!
Roger's treasure belongs to me!
[NARRATOR] All pirates searching
for the treasure One Piece
must brave the second half
of the Grand Line.
These wild and dangerous seas
are known as the New World.
Gold Roger and his crew
were the only men to ever
chart these waters and
learn all the secrets they held.
For the rest of the
pirates in the world,
this has proven to be
the end of the road.
A graveyard of dreams.
[NARRATOR] Now, Monkey D. Luffy,
a boy whose body became rubber
after eating the Gum Gum Fruit,
sets sail into the New World
with his faithful crew.
I'm gonna be the
King of the Pirates!
[NARRATOR]
In order to defeat one of the
Four Emperors of the New World,
the Straw Hats form
an alliance with Law.
Their current objective
is to destroy a man-made
Devil Fruit Factory in
the kingdom of Dressrosa.
Luffy had intended
to win a tournament
that promised the Flame Flame
Fruit to the champion,
but abandoned that plan when Law
was captured by Doflamingo.
Meanwhile, at the coliseum,
the final battle of the
tournament is about to start--
with Sabo in Luffy's place.
[SABO] I'm actually rather
familiar with your backstory.
Then you know about my family?
I'm going to cause a bit of
commotion here shortly,
but I swear won't do you wrong.
Launcher!
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATES screaming]
[FRANKY]
Huh?!
[MARINE OFFICER A] Cyborg Franky
of the Straw Hat Pirates!
We'll be seizing the Toy House!
So better surrender to us now!
Huh? Why's the Navy interfering?
What's that?
Did I just miss some-theen?
[FUJITORA] Now I may be
a newcomer to this game,
recruited through
the World Military Draft,
but since I was appointed to
the position of Navy Admiral,
I've got but a
simple goal in mind.
And that is?
[FUJITORA]
I won't stop
till I bear witness to
the complete abolition
of this accursed
Seven Warlords system.
[FUJITORA]
The price on your head
will only increase,
Heavenly Demon.
[laughs] Did I mishear you?
I though you said, "Off me now
while you have the chance!"
I got it.
[VIOLET gasps]
[LUFFY]
'Kay! Here goes!
[ZORO]
Make it snappy, Luffy!
[KIN'EMON] Please join us for
the ride upward, Madame Ninja.
Oh, boy! It's our surprise
finalist, and wayward wonderer,
none other than... Lucy!
[CROWD cheers]
[SABO] I hope you're
watching over me, Ace!
[LUFFY] "The Final Round Starts!
Diamante the Hero Shows Up!"
[CROWD cheering]
Lucy entered this competition
as an unknown,
and yet his rambunctious spirit
and lovable character
captured the crowd's heart!
Ah. The next contender,
on the other hand, antagonized
the crowd relentlessly
in his qualifying bout!
The captain of a pirate crew
known as the Barto Club.
It's Bartolomeo the Cannibal!
Go crawl back in your hole
and learn some manners,
you ugly punk!
[BURGESS laughing]
And next, he sails with
the Emperor, Blackbeard,
and commands his first ship.
It's Jesus Burgess!
I'll be the one taking
the prize home today,
but I hope you can
give me a good fight
all the same, Straw Hat!
[BURGESS laughing]
[CROWD cheers]
[BURGESS grunting, laughing]
That's what I'm talking about!
[BURGESS chuckles]
Huh?
[GYATS] Those boos and jeers
can only mean one thing!
Next up is the Phantom Princess
of the detestable Riku
bloodline. Rebecca!
You know, I'm starting to wonder
if Rebecca is
the devil incarnate.
Her victory against the powerful
contenders in Block D
was frankly inexplicable.
Even now, it remains a mystery!
[coughs]
[ATTENDANT A] Gyats! Are you
all right? Take a deep breath!
[GYATS]
Water... Water...
[exhales] I thought that
was the end of me.
Where were we? Right!
After clawing their way through
a phalanx of fearsome fighters,
these four contenders
are lined up
for a final battle to
determine the champion!
Which one of them
will be deemed worthy
to wield the Flame Flame Fruit?
Whoever wins, it's gonna
be a hell of a show!
So let's hear it one last
time for our contenders!
[CROWD cheering]
[SABO]
Hm?
[REBECCA]
That's not Lucy. Who is he?
Now, let me introduce the man
who's going to
test their mettle!
[GYATS] One of the top
executives of the Family--
he saved this kingdom from ruin,
fighting alongside
Don Quixote Doflamingo!
Those of you who frequent
the Corrida Coliseum
already know him as our
tournament promoter
as well as our hero!
Now, without further ado,
Mister... Diamante!
[CROWD cheering]
♪
[DIAMANTE grunting]
Ow!
[grunting]
Huh?
Bang.
[chuckles] Ooh.
[CROWD cheering]
It's a dream come true!
This is sure to be the finest
battle you've ever seen!
The four winners
from the first round
will be facing each other
as well as Mr. Diamante.
These brave battlers
seeking strength,
shall find it when they
lay claim to the prize--
a Logia Devil Fruit, the
strongest of the three types!
The Flame Flame Fruit!
[CROWD cheers]
[laughing]
I can almost taste it!
[COMPETITOR A]
Stop the match, now!
Take Rebecca out of the ring!
Redo the Block D match!
Oh? A last-minute
objection to the fight?
[COMPETITOR B] Whatever the
hell happened back there,
I don't accept it! Now fight me!
There's no way all of us lost
to a rotten little
shrimp like you!
Time for us to set
the record straight!
Hell yeah! You guys
kick her ass!
[DIAMANTE growls]
Outta the way, buddy!
[DIAMANTE] Don't be such
sore losers, gentlemen.
Better to let it go.
'Cause if you ruin my event,
you're gonna be sorry!
Take me down to the...
[COMPETITOR A]
Screw you!
Olé! Keep it comin'.
What, you think
this is a bull fight?
And Lock.
[COMPETITORS grunt]
[COMPETITORS groaning]
It may ripple like
an ordinary cape,
but this is made of solid steel.
I ate the Ripple Ripple Fruit
and became a flag man, y'see.
All it takes is one touch
and I can make anything,
even my own body,
flutter like a flag.
[DIAMANTE]
Lock.
[gasps]
This is Corrida Glaive!
[COMPETITORS groaning]
[DIAMANTE] I'd get moving
if I were you, gentlemen.
We have a special
sort of Fighting Fish
in the water,
just for the final.
[DIAMANTE]
They love the smell of blood.
They're fine-tuned to it,
you might say.
[COMPETITOR B]
It's flying...
[COMPETITORS groan]
Oh, wow!
[CROWD murmurs]
You get a good look at that?
Those Fighting Fish
don't hold back!
[CROWD cheers]
[DIAMANTE]
They're only supposed to attack
once you fall in the water,
but these guys
are rule-breakers!
Why, the fish in the first
round are practically
mild-mannered compared
to these savages!
We hand-picked
the strongest fighter
from each school
just for this battle!
[CROWD cheers]
[DIAMANTE]
If you look carefully,
you'll see that one of them
has a surprise on his back.
A treasure chest,
which holds none other than
the Flame Flame Fruit!
[CROWD cheering]
The rules of the finals
are simple!
Stay in the ring
and take the fruit
from the back of the
fish to claim victory!
[CROWD cheering]
It's finally here... The match
you've all been waiting for!
It'll be a five-man
battle royale,
including our hero, Diamante!
They must avoid the wrath
of the deadly fighting fish,
and scramble to
snag the treasure!
Who among these fighters
will lay claim
to the Flame Flame Fruit?
And now, let the battle begin!
[GYATS] The tension is so thick,
you could cut it with a knife!
One wrong move could send
them hurtling to their doom!
Any of these fighters
could take home the prize,
but the rest will be
leaving in tears, if at all!
[GYATS]
They're sizing each other up.
Who is gonna make
the first move?
[BURGESS laughing]
[GYATS] It's Burgess! And he's
flying straight at Lucy!
[BURGESS grunting, laughing]
[GYATS] He dodges deftly and
dashes to the outer circle
of the ring! What plan
is he cooking up?
Huh?
[SABO]
Here it comes.
Not that one.
Yo. If you ain't got the
treasure, then buzz off.
[BARTOLOMEO]
And don't come back!
[BURGESS] Trying to lure out the
one with the prize, Straw Hat?
That's clever!
This one is a dud, too.
[BURGESS laughing]
Oh, yeah. I gotta admit,
this is fun as hell!
Of course it is!
'Cause I'm the one
running the show!
Here in the Corrida Coliseum,
I use every tool at my disposal
to give the audience
the time of their lives!
Do those "tools"
include us, too?
Well, just have fun.
[KIN'EMON] It would seem
that no one is present.
[LUFFY]
Nice. Let's go.
[VIOLET]
Hold on a second!
Close the door first.
[LUFFY]
Huh...?
[LUFFY] Is that how you
get inside the palace?
[VIOLET]
Shhh!
The palace is above us.
That's the Rampart Tower.
Oh.
[VIOLET] There's actually quite
a bit of climbing left to do
before we reach Doflamingo.
And it's well-guarded, too.
Thankfully, the Rampart Tower
has a secret entrance.
Let's go, but take care not
to let the guards notice you.
They'll call the Executives
if we make a scene.
That won't be good. Especially
if we have to battle with Pica.
Then any hope of
success would be lost.
[KIN'EMON]
Hm, where is Sir Luffy?
Uh-oh. Right there!
[VIOLET gasps]
[LUFFY yelling]
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATES]
Eh?
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATE A]
Whoa! What's up with that carp?
Now, Gum-Gum...
Maybe it's actually a blowfish?
That's freaky!
...Giant Pistol!
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATES screaming]
[KIN'EMON gasping]
[ZORO gasps]
[VIOLET whimpering]
[ZORO, KIN'EMON]
What the hell is he doing?!
[LUFFY]
It's open!
[ZORO]
That's not the issue here!
This is not good.
Ah! You big blockhead!
Well, new plan. We're going in!
If we hurry, we might get lucky!
[LUFFY]
Can I take this thing off now?
[VIOLET]
Not like I could stop you!
[KIN'EMON]
Now, now!
Straw Hat?
[alarm blaring]
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATE E]
This is the front entrance
to the Rampart Tower!
Emergency! Straw Hat
Luffy has broken in!
[DOFLAMINGO grunts]
[CROWD cheering]
[GYATS]
The Fighting Fish attacks,
but Lucy leaps aside with ease!
Nobody else has moves like that!
Huh...? What the hell
is going on here?
You're sure it was
Straw Hat Luffy?
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATE E]
Yeah! He smashed the gate in
with one punch!
I think you should get
your eyes checked.
Straw Hat's fighting
in the coliseum.
He's in disguise,
but it's sloppy.
[CROWD cheering]
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATE F] This is
Rampart Tower, B-2, in front of
the main dining hall!
I've confirmed it myself!
Straw Hat Luffy
is one of the intruders!
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATE F]
He's with Pirate Hunter Zoro!
And wait... Lady Violet!
There's another swordsman, too!
Ahhh!
[GYATS]
Lucy is really showing off!
[DOFLAMINGO] Straw Hat Luffy
broke into the tower?
And he's here right now?
[DOFLAMINGO]
Then who the hell is that idiot
with the stupid disguise
fighting in the coliseum?
Can somebody tell me
what's going on?
[LUFFY]
I'm comin' for you, Mingo!
[NARRATOR] Luffy and
friends continue to make
quick progress in their mission,
until they run into a massive
wall in the form of Pica.
With the power to control
the palace itself,
the final Don Quixote
family executive proves
that he won't be
an easy obstacle
for the team to overcome!
[LUFFY]
On the next One Piece!
"A Moving Castle! The Top
Executive Pica Rises Up!"
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!